Enable `concat()` string function to support multiple string arguments (#1279)
opensearch-project/sql: docs/user/ppl/functions/string.rst

Description
>>>>>>>>>>>

> Usage: CONCAT(str1, str2, ...., str_n) adds two or more strings together. Expects 1-9 arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage: CONCAT(str1, str2, ...., str_9) adds up to 9 strings together. If any of the expressions is a NULL value, it returns NULL.
```

Argument type: STRING, STRING, ...., STRING

Return type: STRING

Example::

>     os> source=people | eval `CONCAT('hello', 'world')` = CONCAT('hello', 'world'), `CONCAT('hello ', 'whole ', 'world', '!')` = CONCAT('hello ', 'whole ', 'world', '!') | fields `CONCAT('hello', 'world')`, `CONCAT('hello ', 'whole ', 'world', '!')`

Reviewer: a `NULL` test for PPL?
